hey whats up youtube Gemini here and
today we'll be picking up the Aston
Martin that was my last farm pine I also
uploaded the video on the actual find so
you can look for that in the Forza
horizon playlist of mine will be taking
this 88 lamborghini countach such a
beautiful farm right now its stock but a
snow monster
oh I the booze
in four hundred yards turn right
in four hundred yards turn left
turn left
in 100 yards keep right keep right
400 yards turn right
turn right
in 100 yards Karen right you have
arrived at your destination they're more
beautiful curves than any 50s movie
goddess and Aston Martin made to win
awards you treat her like a lady now
here
so there we are test driving this thing
it seems that it has a lot of body roll
so
suggest the when not building it drop
the voltage and definitely a
a transmission may be a score
go all out
but thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
the video please leave a like you
somewhat like to the video and subscribe
want to check out some more have a great
weekend take care peace